Add documentation and class descriptions (#63)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/source/materials/SolubilityRatioMaterial.md

# SolubilityRatioMaterial

!syntax description /Materials/SolubilityRatioMaterial

## Overview

> The SolubilityRatioMaterial object is used to calculate the jump in specie concentration across a
> material interface, given the solubility values for those materials and specie concentration on
> either side of the interface. Solubilities for the "primary" and "secondary" sides can be provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SolubilityRatioMaterial object is used to calculate the jump in species concentration across a
material interface, given different solubility values for those materials and species concentration on
either side of the interface. Solubilities for the "primary" and "secondary" sides can be provided
```

via the [syntax/Materials/index.md] using automatic differentiation (a.k.a. an
`ADMaterialProperty`).

The solubility ratio jump is calculated using the following relationship:

!equation
J = \frac{c_p}{S_p} - \frac{c_s}{S_s}

where $J$ is the calculated solubility ratio jump (available as an `InterfaceMaterial` property,

> named the `solubility_ratio`), $c_i$ is the specie concentration on the $i$th side of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
named the `solubility_ratio`), $c_i$ is the species concentration on the $i$th side of the
```
